To display and run your software project, which is the Help Desk Ticketing System in Python, follow these instructions:

Prerequisites:

Ensure you have Python installed on your computer. You can download Python from the official website: Python Downloads.
Steps:

Download the Code:

Download the TicketingSystem.py file if you haven't already. You can save it to your preferred directory.
Open a Terminal or Command Prompt:

Navigate to the directory where you saved the TicketingSystem.py file using the terminal or command prompt. You can use the cd command to change directories.
Run the Program:

In the terminal or command prompt, execute the Python script by entering the following command:

bash
Copy code
python TicketingSystem.py
Use the Ticketing System:

Once the program is running, you'll see a menu of options displayed in the terminal. You can interact with the system by entering the corresponding option number and following the on-screen prompts.
Here are the available options:
Create Ticket
Resolve Ticket
Provide Response
Reopen Ticket
Display Tickets
Display Statistics
Exit
Interact with the Program:

Depending on your choice, you can create tickets, resolve them, provide responses, reopen tickets, view ticket details, and check ticket statistics.
Follow the prompts and enter the required information as prompted by the program.
Exit the Program:

When you are finished using the ticketing system, you can exit the program by selecting the "Exit" option from the menu.
Review Output:

The program will provide feedback and display ticket information as you interact with it. Be sure to check the output in the terminal to see the results of your actions.
Modification and Customization (Optional):

If you want to modify or extend the functionality of the program, you can edit the TicketingSystem.py file using a text editor or integrated development environment (IDE).
That's it! You can now display and interact with the Help Desk Ticketing System by running the Python script. The program provides a basic command-line interface for managing support tickets.
